---
title: I AM A NEW PAGE
categories:
  - mother2
date: 2005-09-01 16:32:16 +0500
---
{% include box-open.html box-id="1391" title="The Topic of August ???:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-01 16:32:16 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box48797" last-modified-by="127" %}
Who is the camera man?
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-01 16:33:24 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1392" title="AAAH!  Tabloids!!!!:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-01 16:32:46 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box35132" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: The Final Kai<br /><br />

What is the Camera Man really doing?  Why can he come down from the sky as if he was waiting for you?



There can be two explanations for this.  One of them, which seems more obvious given the nature of the game's humor, would be that Mr. Fuzzy Pickles is a representation of the seemingly omnipresent news media in the American nation.  This is likely enough, as the country does have an overabundance of camera-wielding Celebrityphiles just waiting for the chance to waste a roll of film.



Or maybe...What if Mr. Fuzzy Pickles is working for Giygas?  He shows the impressive ability to show up whenever Ness and company have just done something important as regards their quest.  If he was consistently showing up during, prior, or after these events, he could very well be reporting Ness' progress to the insane demigod.  In this manner, the people tasked with preventing Ness from succeeding would be prepared for his arrival, making them more than capable of setting up traps and ambushes for him.

A scary thought.
<br /><br />
--------------------------------
<br /><br />
Wow.  I never thought of that...  The camera man could be spying for Giygas.  I like that idea, and yet now I feel the need to avoid him even more.

Good job.

-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:33:00 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1393" title="A \"Bee's\" Father:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-01 16:32:57 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box24055" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: YoshiRiRu
<br /><br />
Simple. The camera man is buzz buzz' father; before buzz buzz became a bug. The camera man is a psychic, (Like BB) so he can see where ness and his friends will be going. He took these pictures because he foresaw the future with his son, and knew there might be delays as to when Buzz Buzz would arrive, so he took pictures of our heroes and passed them down to buzz buzz.
<br /><br />
--------------------------------
<br /><br />
An interesting thought.  That WOULD explain how Buzz-Buzz knew about Ness and where he would be (and when).

Hope you submit more!  ;).

-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:33:11 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1403" title="Return:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:33:36 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box24894" last-modified-by="127" %}
<a href="/mother2/theories/">Go Back to the Theories Main Page</a>
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:34:04 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}
