---
title: Theories from the Saturday of September Third
categories:
  - mother2
date: 2005-09-03 10:25:43 +0500
---
{% include box-open.html box-id="1397" title="The Topic:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:25:43 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box60046" last-modified-by="127" %}
How does Dalaam stay afloat?
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:26:49 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1398" title="Suffocating Birds...:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:26:22 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box34045" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: Puppetman<br /><br />
Duh...

Its filled with helium & birds.



...Hmm...



...how do the birds breath...?<br /><br />
--------------------------------
<br /><br />
That would explain why Poo hallucinated that master ghost guy... And it would also explain why the cloud looks pink to you.  You're high on helium!!!!!
And the birds don't breath.  They quietly suffocate...
<br /><br />
-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:28:51 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1399" title="The JOY POD!!!!!:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:26:51 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box58086" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: TenderTenda<br /><br />

Well, Dalaam can stay afloat only for one reason. It's fueled by orphans. What else could do it? Think hard for a second, Psi could only last for so long, but a machine that runs off one orphan a year would make perfect sense.
<br /><br />
--------------------------------
<br /><br />
Would that happen to be a reference to that one show on [adult swim]?

But yes, I think that you just may be right!

-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:28:38 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1400" title="A Magicant Wanna-Be:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:28:23 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box12527" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: YoshiRiRu
<br /><br />
Dalaam is a floating city. (country?) Like all floating cities, it has to have a power source, to keep it afloat, right? Wrong! To understand how it works, we have to go back in time. Dalaam was once a proud city, somewhat southwest of Scaraba - beyond the screen. However, the scarabian ruffians were a constant threat. so, using their teleport Beta (The reason the people of Dalaam today can't do this, only Poo, is because this happened many generations ago, and the technique has been forgotten in time)

they warped to the say, magicant of their minds. Clouds are not solid, as we know now, but since the dalaamians didn't know this, they assumed they were solid. (Like we all did at some point.) This also explains why there was a My Sanctuary there - because such a huge amount of PSI was used in making it there. So in a nutshell, Dalaam was in scaraba. They didn't like it there. They used PSI (Which they forgot by the present) to travel to a city crafted by their minds. The Pink cloud supporting the city is solid material.

<br /><br />
-----------------------------
<br /><br />
Nice to hear from you, Yoshi.

That sounds plausible, I suppose... But then that would mean that "Pink Cloud" is not in fact "Real".  And isn't Magicant different in everyone's mind?

Food for thought.
-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:29:21 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1401" title="Honey!  Get the Time Machine!:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:29:25 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box19933" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: CodPor
<br /><br />
To answer this question, we must travel back in time, thousands of years, to when human civilization was in its infancy. Deep in the mountains of the Himalayas were a pair of ordinary looking peaks, named Nu and Mu, with a small monestary nestled between them. Within this monestary, a secret order dedicated to finding and training  people with psychic talents made its home. They used an altered regimen of physical training and meditation to master the powers of the mind. However, as time passed, they began to attract too much attention for their liking and devised a plan to escape detection entirely. Realizing that the mountain itself had become a conductor for psychic energies, their only option was to lift the mountain itself. They gathered in the meditation hall and began to focus all of their minds on raising the mountain. After several days of this, the mountain began to shake and cracks formed around its base. Within a few hours, the mountain had freed itself of its connection to Earth. From that day on, the people of the mountain, now called Dalaam, gained a special connection with the wind. This connection allowed them to keep the island afloat with minimal focus. It also helped them develop the current Mu training. In modern times, the currents of the wind never fail to keep Dalaam out of the way of passing aeroplanes.

<br /><br />
-----------------------------
<br /><br />
But wouldn't the Psi wear off?  Eh... It's a videogame...  It would have been funny for an airplane to hit Dalaam while you were there in the game, though.

-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:29:55 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1402" title="Want to go back?:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-03 10:30:13 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box32762" last-modified-by="127" %}
<a href="/mother2/theories/">Go Back to the Theories Main Page</a>
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-03 10:34:14 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}
