---
title: Theory from September 17, 2005
categories:
  - mother2
date: 2005-09-24 13:37:16 +0500
---
{% include box-open.html box-id="1479" title="The El Theory:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:16 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box16543" last-modified-by="127" %}
Who is the hint man and why is he interested in the chosen four? <br /><br /> (NOTE:Topic chosen for ranting purposes.)
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:37:59 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1480" title="FIRST SUBMISSION SATISFIED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!!!!! RANTING!!! Ensues... now:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:17 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box26414" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: Radiation (Captain Cool) <br /><br /> Okay! Theories! ... what? Why is the hint man there? What kind of crapped-out theory is <i>that?</i>* No, but seriously. Have you ever thought about the fact that he's there because of his <i>job?</i> And why does he have a thing about the chosen four? He <i>doesn't.</i> The chosen four have a thing about the Hint Man. It's not like the hint man walks up to <i>you</i> and asks for a hint for just $75. You <i>go out of your own way</i> just to see this guy. He doesn't even put himself in a place that's easy for you to see, besides in front of that pyramid. But come on, he's got a prime location. I bet a lot of tourists see him and ask for hints. <i>For just $75.</i>  Speaking of that, I bet he has <i>loads</i> of other business besides you. <i>Come on.</i> Don't <i>flatter</i> yourself. That Drugstore in Onett is still running, and the only people hanging around their store are that possessed dog and maybe that stupid kid. Dogs can't buy things.* And do you really think that a kid's going to buy <i>multiple</i> baseball bats? Well, maybe if one breaks. But not often, anyway. So obviously, someone else is buying from that drugstore and <i>also from the hint man.</i>  This theory is pretty... yeah. I mean, come on. It would make more sense to say <i>Why is the ATM Machine there? And why does it dispense money for the chosen four?</i> No... wait... why <i>does</i> it do that? You're not old enough to have your own bank account! Your parents are seriously screwed up. And I mean, come on. Your mom lets your entire party sleep in her house without any questions. <i>Think about it.</i> You have a random girl, a nerdy kid with a <i>bazooka</i>, and also some random middle-eastern prince. Come on. There's only two beds in the house, and one of them's Tracy's. Assuming the downstairs couch is occupied by your mom, (which still doesn't make sense considering she lives there) you can safely say... something. So, yeah. This entire theory is just some optical illusion. PS - Mr. Tenda is totally awesome. I could sit here all day talking about his awesomeness. <i>HE KILLED SNIDELY WHIPLASH WITH A SAMURAI SWORD.</i> I expect at least a full 80% of your answers to contain Mr. Tenda goodness in them. If I could describe him in a four-letter word, it would be <b>COOL</b> *Sorry about that. I couldn't really dig this theory. Acknowlegies accepted?<br /><br /> -------------------------------- <br /><br /> Heheh. You just became my pawn. sweeet. And yes... Accepted. I like ranting. Do you?<br /><br /> -Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:38:18 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1481" title="

Cammy Man Bwutha:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:18 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box4470" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: YoshiRiRu! <br /><br /> In connection with my previous theory.. the hint man is the brother of the camera man. Have you noticed that he happens to be there whenever you need him? As I stated before, the camera man took pictures, and gave them to the hint man (The camera man is usually the one you see before the HM, right?) so he would know where you were. Since the camera man can obviously fly (teleport?) he can get them to the hint man so that he could provide hints. However, hinty wasn't very keen to this whole idea, so he decided to make a buck or two off charging them. Hey, saving the world ain't cheap! <br /><br /> -------------------------------- <br /><br /> Nice. Commercialism. Yumm.... <br /><br /> -Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:38:58 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1482" title="Caffeine Es Mucho Good:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:19 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box26007" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: naersiin
<br /><br />
Okay, this took some serious thinking (and a lot of caffeine), but I have it.  The hint man is Giygas' father's sister's cousin's nephew's former room mate.  Now, the hint man and Giygas used to be good buddies, plotting the end of man kind, to rule the universe, stuff like that.  Then, Giygas ran off, to get another side kick (Pokey), so now the hint man is in a jealous rage, and is helping the Chosen Four, because he knows they can defeat Giygas, and he can have his revenge.
<br /><br />
-----------------------------
<br /><br />
I like coffee.  With dinner, just now, I had three cups of regular, one black, a Caffe Mocha and a rasberry flavored coffee.  Heheheh.  Seriously.
<br /><br />
-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:39:13 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1483" title="Feel His Wrath:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:20 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box47097" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: TenderTenda <br /><br /> It's fairly obvious is that the Hint Man is Buzz Buzz's father. Think about it, Buzz Buzz pushes Ness in the right direction for what he is and what he's supposed to do. The Hint Man, however, hasn't experienced giygas' wrath and wants to make a profit from Ness and pals. <br /><br /> ----------------------------- <br /><br /> Heheheh. The hint man doesn't understand Giygas.<br /><br /> -Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:39:40 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1484" title="
Money money money!:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:21 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box29723" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: The Final Kai <br /><br />The Hint Man...such a noble person. <br /><br /> All he really wants is your money. Have you noticed that as you progress, his rates get higher? Well it's because he knows things, knows you need to know these things, knows you make a lot of money beating up badguys, and above all else, he's really really broke. <br /><br /> <br /> <br /> He can't even afford a decent sign.<br /><br /> ---------------------------------<br /><br /> I'm broke... kinda... Internet access wiped out my budget this month. That's what I get for working at a cafe though...<br /><br /> -Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:40:07 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1485" title="New Box, Edit me :(:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:37:23 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box64028" last-modified-by="127" %}
By: notalentjew<br /><br />
well here's my first one.
<br />
<br />
<br /><br />
Okay... The hint guy is a former CIA agent who wishes to make a retired living off of spying on enemies to find out what the party should do next.
<br /><br />
He lives in Onett and the reson why it costs more for the latter downs is because it is $10 plus expenses. The chosen four he's not intersted in, it's the leader's dad's money he wants!<br /><br />
----------------------------<br /><br />
Ah.  So Ness' dad works for the hint man.  Makes sense when you think about it.  But...  What if the Hint Man <i>IS</i> Ness' dad????  Hmmm....  Naaaah.<br /><br />-Tre
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:40:30 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}

{% include box-open.html box-id="1486" title="Back to the Main Area of the Page of the Starmen you must go:" author-id="3474" timestamp="2005-09-24 13:42:31 +0500" type="norm" dbname="box64801" last-modified-by="127" %}
<a href="/mother2/theories/">Go Back to the Theories Main Page</a>
{% include box-close.html author-name="TreLantana" last-modified-on="2005-09-24 13:42:57 +0500" last-modified-by-name="TreLantana" %}
